well though everyone you're tuning so
happy and blessed the time came 11:14 I
thought I would come and show you the
final result with my hair and everything
I basically didn't do too much to it
really I just tied it up and home bumped
it with the flat iron this morning when
I got a little in the curls for some
reason they followed and I read I guess
my hearth going straight I don't know
and I pulled it tucked it behind my ear
on this back because it was covering my
earrings you couldn't see really see my
earrings on them so that's why I did it
like that and this side I couldn't get
it to quite curl like I wanted to own
one my column meal but I couldn't get it
to curl like everyone so I just got
tired of trying nothing Oh
anyway as you already know what you saw
my nails already
orange and yellow so what inspired me to
wear always yellow with these earrings
actually I love the color of these
things like I said you're either know
y'all is my favorite color so you'll see
me wearing a lot of yellow problems but
this would inspire to look from the
outfit that I have on anything like I
said I did my nails the same color and I
get on talking about the makeup first up
I got an orange in your eyes shadow
hopefully you can see it on camera I'm
not sure I'll take some pictures of it
later on and I have on some orange
lipstick it's a really really light it
was actually a lip gloss
um has a look glitter and I think I
showed it to you once before I can't
remember the name of what I will put the
name of in the info box
um I know it's my wet bag wet diamonds I
think a wet shine I'm not sure I'll
check it and see in the Alexa and I put
information in the info box um that's
pretty much it for the makeup I got um a
little bit of powder not much you know I
got black liquid eyeliner on top of my
iron I got on a regular black eyeliner
on my eyes I got a little like cream in
the highlight area in a dark brown white
in the crease area you probably can't
see very well
because we kind of believe me on my skin
that's why I like doing because it's
almost plant called the tea um so this
makes you eat full of makeup all of the
earrings like I said the earrings uh I
get it it's fast fast and Mitchell this
is not one of the parents that was
offline and I showed you in a haul video
I actually got these at all it's faster
than Mitchell but it's a neighborhood
store I got from the necklace on the
other hand I'm not sure why I got this
necklace from Ivan had this necklace
support so long oh I can't remember I
think I I gotta get a new teacher that I
used to work at a long time ago I think
I can't remember but it's really old and
it actually has some earrings and a
bracelet to go with I'll do I'm not
wearing it today but oh there's nobody
at the earrings are somewhere around
here but you like to say I got earrings
and a bracelet to go to it I love the
bracelet this is the Boy Wonder braces I
chose you know another haul video a
while ago was in orange and I got any
expansion Metro as well my fact I got
the bracelet and earrings at same time
the ring on the other hand is orange and
y'all love you can see on camera it's
yellow like right in here right around
the Rome part in this area is yellow and
the rest of this unlike so um I actually
got to said another brew supply house
store that I went to I didn't pay much
for that's like two dollars made of
something like that and only saying I
just got my wedding ring and that's
basically it for the jury of the
Charlotte doesn't got my yellow shirt as
you can see and always built like I said
I take I took pictures of everything the
belt I got it up
TJ's brew supply house I think think
it's like a department but if not be it
final our place on eBay be Selma is real
appeal to get them all color this is the
bill today applause I think it's
high-waisted yeah so like I said they
got my all colors on eBay - they sell
them you can find them on there but I
get - newsflash the person I'm taking
today um you've seen it I really um I
had a yellow person with it to me it
gave me look I just don't like the way
it looked with the outfit so I did thank
you
so I decided to take my orange apple
bottom first and the reason why I'm
taking says we got to the rhinestones on
this they kind of look yellow to me a
little yellow on mine so I planted this
take you today and the shoes uh I got a
moment take one outside shorts that's
the pictures of everything the shoes
know that I posted in the video this is
the shoes I found these shoes in
Burlington I think a long time ago
it's a shame because I was cleaning like
all the closet now I saw your head I got
another shooting hall collection video
to do because I got shoes and all the
clocks they had we went through here and
these I have never worn they was in the
box and I open the box stuff and I found
them so yeah they are um and they got a
little grime stones to see it on camera
Oh on the heel like right on the heel
part and on this bad they got look
rhinestones and some kind of Lou yellow
embroidery stuff some on and on they
were yelling on which and I was like
wildly so yeah
and they went round the anger they got a
little Bowl around in the back of
Houston and they wrap around the ankle
and past oh and they were extremely
comfortable which I really really know
so yeah so that's the whole outfit that
I'm wearing today I got on the gillum's
skirt of them nothing fancy it's just a
building sturdy and actually has a split
in the front on the side
so that's basically it um if you have
any questions or anything like that
let me know and I will talk to lady to
to the end fake
you